This is the mall part of the new moon fairy tale
The office section is in the back
New Moon Fairy Tale has started trial business
Traffic counting is good
When I was a kid, this was a wheat field.
Grandpa always took me to play in this place
He also said that he would prepare a big gift for me as a dowry
How time flies!
It's a new neighborhood.
Your grandfather sees that you are so outstanding now
Will be pleased
There are successors in the Shangguan family
Hello
What good I see
Wait for me, I'll be right over
I have a project to go back to catch up on
You hang around here
I'll be right back.
OK, go ahead.
Hey Zhang Hui
Why are you here?
It's really you, Ye Feng
I said why does it look familiar?
Haven't seen you in so many years
You still look pitiful.
Since graduating from junior high school
We were all separated.
I didn't expect to meet you here
So many classmates
Few can come to the imperial capital to develop
presumably
You should be doing well by now
In fact, I have been in Ningcheng
This visit to the capital is for someone
You're so blunt
Sorry for the weirdness.
I still remember
You wrote me a love letter back then
classmate
Love letter to you
He likes me.
Did you give me a love letter?
I promise to help you deliver love letters
I'm not asking for answers
I think you got it wrong.
I didn't write the love letter at all